Input group to retain focus on prefix/suffix click (#7057)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

- `IgxToast`:
    - Added functionality for displaying various content into the toast component. It also allows users to access toast styles through its host element.

- `IgxInputGroup`:

>     - clicking on the `prefix` or `suffix` of input group will not trigger `blur` and `focus` event. Also if the input group is focused clicking on it will not trigger `blur` and `focus` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Clicking on prefix, suffix or label elements in the Input Group will not longer blur and re-focus the input.
```
(clicking on already focused input never did anything anyway)

> 

Reviewer: Add a note that `supressInputAutofocus` is deprecated, though depending on resolution of comments below, the note might be a behavior change as well.
